Hi guys.
Welcome back.
This is Angela from The App Brewery, and it's a new day, which means that it's time for a new project.
So in the coming lessons, we're going to be building something really exciting, at least
I'm really excited to build it with you.
So far none of our web apps that we have built have been deployed, and none of them have really been
all that exciting to deploy,
to be honest. But everything is going to change for the next project.
So the web app that we're going to be building is a newsletter app. So I'm probably signed up to far
too many newsletters, but some of them are real gems, and I really enjoy reading them.
So if you are somebody who wants to set up your own newsletter, where you want to email people who are
interested in hearing from you, well, then you need a sign up page, right?
So this is what we're going to be building.
It's a single page web site that looks pretty nice, and on the front end it looks incredibly simple, but
on the backend it's got some powerful functionality that will allow you to sign people up to your mailing
list.
So let's give it a go.
Let's try,
say, let's say that Jack Bauer wanted to sign up to my mailing list.
Now once I click sign up, if it was successful then I get taken to the success page, and if it wasn't
then I will get a failure page.
So now, finally, we were successful, and the data that we entered into that collection box doesn't just
disappear.
No. It gets sent to our list on MailChimp, and all of that data gets added into our list, and our new subscriber
gets added.
So that means now you can go ahead and send your newsletters, or your email campaigns, to your subscribers,
and this list will build up as more and more people subscribe to your newsletter.
So the special part of this web site is that, if you look at up here, that is not a localhost anymore.
This is an actual HTTPS web site, and you can include this URL in your socials, on Facebook,
Instagram.
And anybody can access this, because it's now on the World Wide Web.
So this is going to be a really cool and really useful web site
by the time that you've finished making it, and it's all down to this integration with MailChimp. And
we're going to explore how to work with their APIs, and how to post data and communicate with their server
in order to send them pieces of data that we want them to hold on to.
So I hope you're excited. Once you're ready,
let’s head over to the next lesson.